# Week 4

## Attendance

```
Aston   - n/p [travelling]
George  - y
Michael - y
Shakeel - n/p
```

********

# Discussion from this week

## Tasks from last session

There is currently a working version of the interface and the main simulation
screen is still being worked on.

********

# Discussion for next week

## Tasks for next session

### All members

Review the current code base and try to clean things up a bit. Sorting
algorithms should be looked at as they're a part of the project. Code should be
commented properly and we should also be considering tests for what's currently
implemented.

### Aston

[Aston](https://github.com/geo7/vrbh_sim/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Aaston)

### George

[George](https://github.com/geo7/vrbh_sim/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Ageorge)

### Michael

[Michael](https://github.com/geo7/vrbh_sim/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Amichael)

### Shakeel

[Shakeel](https://github.com/geo7/vrbh_sim/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Ashakeel)
