# Week 3

## Attendance

```
Aston   - y
George  - y
Michael - y
Shakeel - n/p
```

********

# Discussion from this week

## Tasks from last session

### All members

Getting familiar with Git is still in progess though efforts are being made and
a workflow is beginning to develop around it. 


### Aston

Has been assisting with Robot implementation and representing objects on screen.

### George

Managing tasks and Git project along with implementing simulation features for
path searching.

### Michael

Has been working on the interface design for the opening screen.

### Shakeel

n/p

********

# Discussion for next week

## Tasks for next session

### All members

Continue to make efforts utilising the Git and Github tools. Issues are
important and should be contributed to by all team members when appropriate.
Efforts need to be made to maintain the documentation as things are implemented.

As the project is growning testing should be considered as well this week.

### Aston

To look into the UML features of PyCharm, continue working on the seeker node
implementations and update documentation for data scructures. 

### George

Consider the implementation of algorithms and how they're going to tie in with
the current code. Further classes might be necessary to make things easier. Look
into fields for the items and consider how they're going to be represented on
screen / how many at a time.

### Michael

Continue to work on the opening interface. Consider the design of the simulation
screen and maintaining consistency with that. The storyboard needs to be
implemented still and elements from `106` should be considered whilst doing
this.

### Shakeel

Haven't heard from Shakeel recently via email, or seen any Github activity so
far during this project so it would be good to have some input towards things
over the next week.
