# Week 2

## Attendance

```
Aston   - n/p
George  - y
Michael - y
Shakeel - y
```

********

# Discussion from this week

Went over using Git as a group and made some practice commits with different
branches. [Michael](https://github.com/geo7/vrbh_sim/pull/3),
[Shakeel](https://github.com/geo7/vrbh_sim/pull/2)

Talked about the implementation of the simulation and what type of interface to
design for this.

## Tasks from last session

### All members

All members should have reviewed the videos and resources on using Git from the
CLI and have an understanding of how to create local and remote repositories.

### Aston

n/p

### George

Provided exercies and carried out session on using Git.

### Michael

Began the story board for the initial screen.

### Shakeel

********

# Discussion for next week

## Tasks for next session



* Finalise a working model for the startup screen.
* Establish a fixed theme for the simulation and datasets to utilise
* Look into representing the robot / objects on screen and approaches to
  strucuring things

### Aston

n/p

### George

Look into the way that the robot can be drawn on screen as well as objects. 

### Michael

Research elements of the opening screen and how to go about implementing this.
Talked about utilising sliders and visually responsive elements to provide
better feedback to the users input.

### Shakeel

Research elements of the opening screen and how to go about implementing this.
Talked about utilising sliders and visually responsive elements to provide
better feedback to the users input.
